add apic cli test examples with sample order API (#7)
ibm-apiconnect/sample-orders-api: README.md

This is a publicly available sample and comes with no guarantees. At the time of publishing, the API Connect product and the sample API perform as described in this tutorial. If you have any questions, you can visit the [API Connect user community](https://ibm.biz/APIC_User_Community) page to read other users’ questions and ask your own questions.

## Test Sample Order API APIC CLI
#### Step 1: Download and Install APIC Toolkit

> To begin testing APIs using APIC CLI, it is essential to download and install the APIC toolkit. Detailed instructions for this process can be accessed [here](https://ibmdocs-test.dcs.ibm.com/docs/en/v10_CD_onprem_test?topic=toolkit-installing).

Reviewer: This is a test version of the install doc but I can't find it in the published docs
```suggestion
To begin testing APIs using APIC CLI, it is essential to download and install the APIC toolkit. Detailed instructions for this process can be accessed through the `Download toolkit` option within the API Connect UI.
```
